add cloud pods browser docs (#593)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/web-application/cloud-pods-browser/index.md

---
title: "Cloud Pods Browser"
tags: ["LocalStack Team", "LocalStack Enterprise"]
weight: 5
description: >
    Cloud Pods Browser allows you to view, manage, and explore your Cloud Pods through LocalStack Web Application.
---

> [Cloud Pods Browser](https://app.localstack.cloud/pods) contains all your Cloud Pods and each Cloud Pod's version history over the LocalStack Web Application. Cloud Pods Browser is accessible to LocalStack Team & Enterprise users. You can own Cloud Pods individually or share the ownership of a Cloud Pod in an organization. Alternatively, you can also make a Cloud Pod by configuring the [visibility of your Cloud Pod](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/tools/cloud-pods/pods-cli/#save).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The Cloud Pods Browser](https://app.localstack.cloud/pods) lets you access and manage all your Cloud Pods. Cloud Pods Browser is a feature of our LocalStack Web Application that is exclusive to **LocalStack Team & Enterprise users**.

With Cloud Pods, you can have individual or shared ownership of a snapshot of your LocalStack instance. 
The LocalStack CLI allows you to create new Cloud Pods and configure their [visibility settings](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/tools/cloud-pods/pods-cli/#save).
```

I see different topics mixed in one section. I have tried to separate them and provide a bit more visibility into the fact that it is only available to specific tiers.

<img src="cloud-pods-browser.png" alt="LocalStack Web Application's Cloud Pods Browser outlining various saved Clod Pods" title="Cloud Pods Browser" width="900" />

## Usage

> You can use Cloud Pods to manage your local AWS infrastructure and collaborate with others:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use [Cloud Pods](https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/tools/cloud-pods/) to manage your local AWS infrastructure and collaborate with others:
```
